Add installing drift detection documentation (#2125)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/pipelines/guides/installing-drift-detection.md

# Installing Drift Detection

:::note
Pipelines Drift Detection is only available to Devops Foundations Enterprise customers.
:::

> If you're creating new pipelines repositories using the latest version of Pipelines Drift Detection will already be installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're creating new pipelines repositories using the latest version of Pipelines, then Drift Detection will be installed automatically without any action on your part.
```

If you want to upgrade an older repository to add Drift Detection perform the following steps:

### Step 1

> Ensure you are using the [GitHub App](/2.0/docs/pipelines/installation/viagithubapp) in this repository. Drift Detection requires permissions from the GitHub App and is not available via fallback tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you are using the [GitHub App](/2.0/docs/pipelines/installation/viagithubapp) in this repository. Drift Detection requires permissions from the GitHub App and is not available via machine user tokens.
```
